Docs - Split Developing collections page, add info on optional module_utils (#74105)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections_specifics.rst

For example, the `ansible.module_utils.common.respawn` package is only available in Ansible 2.11 and higher. The following module code would fail during the payload build on Ansible 2.10 or earlier (as the requested Python module does not exist, and is not wrapped in a block to signal to the payload builder that it can be omitted from the module payload):

.. code-block:: python

   from ansible.module_utils.common.respawn import respawn_module

By wrapping the import statement in a ``try`` block, the payload builder will omit the Python module if it cannot be located, and assume that the Ansible module will handle it at runtime:

.. code-block:: python

   try:
       from ansible.module_utils.common.respawn import respawn_module
   except ImportError:
       respawn_module = None
   ...
   if needs_respawn:
       if respawn_module:
           respawn_module(target)
       else:
           module.fail_json('respawn is not available in Ansible < 2.11, ensure that foopkg is installed')

> The optional module_utils behavior also applies to module imports from collections.

Reviewer: Reading this back, it could be incorrectly interpreted that we're allowing imports *of* Ansible modules from collections. Maybe reword to something like:

```suggestion
The optional import behavior also applies to module_utils imported from collections.
```

Author: Thanks @nitzmahone for the review. I changed the line number in a different edit, so the suggestion is "outdated" and I can't commit it from here. I implemented this exact change in 4b03edcf8d8ccdc1d480e86e457c70141e051c9a.
